Xiaofan
That Miss Zhang is notoriously cold
Focus only on your career
Mom is now suddenly offering to let you fulfill the engagement
It must be difficult to borrow the marriage law
I agree with my sister
If you fail to connect
The patriarch will definitely take the opportunity to attack you
Take away all your rights
Humph
Zhang Jingyao, the daughter of heaven in the venture capital circle
The ROI rate has tripled for three consecutive years
The legendary myth of no loss
However, according to the development of previous lives
The next time
Zhang Jing and others will accumulate investment failures
In particular, the investment market is hot
A company that claims to have unlimited potential
It ended in a fiasco
It is for this reason in previous lives
Many people have no imagination
This Woman
Receive
People like this
Want to conquer them
It has to be at his best
Venture capital through the discipline of a past life
Dad, you actually decided to get married
You and him Lin Fan end
Are you not fooling around?
Dad?
Who knows that Lin Fan Zhou Zhou
That's a stubborn kid who doesn't learn anything
Always eat, drink and gamble
Corporate affairs are all different
Good daughter
You must shoot this news
The last two days?
Reply but get messages frequently
He's completely transformed.
Don't go and get the Zhengzhou Group project.
Invest in that land
The market value skyrocketed a hundredfold
Just him, an ignorant second ancestor
Can have this ability
Mom, it's just their neighbor's marriage
It's a hindrance measure.
In a word
Anyway.
It is absolutely impossible to marry him Lin Fan
Don't be so absolute